---
layout: post
heading: ECMAScript 2019 / ES10 Support (alpha)
description: Creation of a new runtime version 3 that supports ES10+ features, fat arrows, modules and all the good stuff!
author: nick
---

## ES10

We are pleased to announce we have recently added alpha support for ES10 / ECMAScript 2019 features to Sandbox. These are currently only accessible from the version 3 runtime (more info: https://getsandbox.com/docs/js-libraries), and are still in alpha. We expect there will be a few issues to iron out before this can be generally available.

Since our previous version 1 and version 2 runtimes were limited to the features ES5, supporting ES10 is a big jump in features. The most impactful of these changes is arguably ES6 modules that changes the way you package and include modular code, no more needing to `require()` things in everywhere. Other interesting features:

- Arrows
- Classes
- Template strings
- `let` and `const`
- Better iterators
- Modules
- Spread operators
- Lots of other stuff

A limited number of new features that are part of ES10+ are not available, notable Atomics and Buffers which are also disabled in ES10 supporting browsers like Chrome for security reasons.

### Get started

To start using ES10+ features you need to change your Sandbox to use the new version 3 runtime, this can be done in your Sandbox settings page. More documentation about how to use ES10+ features (especially modules) and how it can help you in Sandbox will be coming as support moves closer to general availability.

[Try it out now](https://getsandbox.com), and [hit us up](https://twitter.com/_getsandbox) with any feedback, or [raise a ticket on GitHub](https://github.com/getsandbox/feedback/issues).
